README.MD
=========

University Institutions have been subject to corruption as moral institutiontal spaces, and need a counterbalanced Kohlberg Commons to keep the Acadamy true to its moral mission, which includes translating Institutional Insight in the Care of the Young, and in Particular, Adolescents as they (as We) turn into Adults, through (thru) the Rite of Passage We call Marriage.

This Project Directory is principally comprised of a pastiche of preexisting code that meets the "hardware algorithm" and hardware patterns that are necessary to gently establish a first layer of the Goals and Machinery described in USPTO 14/874,435, aka USPTO Si¹⁴/O⁸W⁷⁴Tc⁴³B⁵. The Contributers list is extremely long, and my Contribution to the Work is relatively small, but ends and begins in a Fundamental Enabling Patent Claim on the long-term resolution of ape, rape, apoptoses, canaries, SLGBTQ rights violations, health and alert calls, and other safeti²² events that occur on Campus, including a ☾a²⁰lmuniti²² Arm-wrestled Guarantee (if necessary) on Moral Marathon Marriage Ti²² and V²³_out Options in Institutions from here on, to help pair those who otherwise would be mowed down by the crass policies that emerge in ☾a²⁰sualti²²ed Sex Cultures, the sort of cultures that produce and yield no Preventive Care IT Practices to motivate No Rape, A Vanishing, Ever Lesser Amount of (Readily Educable, Readily and Privately Traceable) Ape, Truth-seeking and Truth-sharing on Campus rather than Form Captures that meet "Dishonesty Invocation Guidelines".

This Directory necessarily also involves Sage-consent, and Preventive Empathy Gap Closure Mechanisms that make Moral Marriage Marathon Search and Closure possible in these environments, preventing further Deniabilities at this Life Stage and in the Institutions that are Supposed to be Safeguarding Life and Liberty⁵ for Us, but often fall short. This Technology⁵ will not be turned on until a _Student Bill of Rights and Rites_ is Settled that i can be ☾almfortable with operating under. Apes and some Bedroom Rapes will continue to statistically occur until Égalitarian Treatment of Y⁵ and X is guaranteed to occur. Inasmuch as these assaults occur, and are the fault of Institutions who refuse to  Consolidate a Student Bill of Right and Rites that every Public School Teacher can trust will allow  their Students to Proceed safely thru the End of any Vocational, Undergraduate, and Graduate Training they might seek,  being represented properly in the Presents of this First Layer Resolution of a Neverending Institutional Choice to Promote Vain Sexual Cultures that cause a tremendous amount of pleasure-seeking, not a whole lot of herstorical virtue-seeking, difficulty and extensive delay⁵ in everyone's Search for Marriage, a massive upswing in Mutational Marriages, waves of easy to screen divorces, 1 million abortions (under Vasalgel, this will look like Baby Murder) per Year, hundreds of student and adolescent apoptoses and canaries per Year, and more, with a tremendous amount of built-up charge and mutually destructive harm in this System of Institutional Choices to Programatically Prefer C⁶asualti²²es to ☾almuniti²² Marriage.

That's my Indictment of the Trustees, for leaving me in "living environments" and "bed communities" where there was not adequate mutual empathy gap closure, and where i and so many of my Peers were all but Guaranteed to Fall into Variable Resistence Traps, rather than carrying a conserved set of codons We could exchange with each other.

i'm at the cusp of Marriage now, and it's a part of my past where i "aped" with Others in ☾a²⁰sualti²²ed Environments, largely because the Institution wasn't honest with Us about what was happening, and wasn't serious about solving the Problem with Truly Good and Decent Engineering and Ængineering. Since then, i was endangered to the point of the loss of my life because The Trustees at The University of Pennsylvania preferred and enjoyed the evidenciary practice of clitoral hooding, never permitting face-to-face truthsay and herstory exchange on the most Basic Fe²⁶Mn²⁵ist Grounds.

i am ashamed to say that i was also a Student Government Member and failed to do enough (enuf.ss16) to stop Ape on Campus, even after i hurt someone that i dearly loved in my Second Year. Similar sexual experiences recurred largely for lack of institutional follow-thru, as the data shows. i've not only changed, i've been reengineering all aspects of my built environment and decision models to prevent this from occurring to anyone but the  most willful and unethical. i was neither willful nor unethical in the cases that occurred. i found myself crossing anatomic gaps before first doing the hard work of crossing an empathy gap. 

To assert one simple example, Youth today regularly ask one another for oral sex. Usually, this is Y⁵ asking for oral sex, without ever having spent time choking on an unpeeled banana to understand Y⁵ what they are asking for, even demanding, from Persons both unprepared and not initially interested, is wholly⁵ unreasonable. What's more, in oral sex terms, the anatomy studies support X receiving oral sex, and Y⁵ giving oral sex, and not the other way around. The other way around might seem, at first glance, as a 50:50 equity, but it's not an anatomic equity, because of the arousal curves of X and Y⁵, and given the gagging and mouthwork involved, the "10m Banana Test" needs to be repeated regularly and on request in front of Your Spouse | Partner. My guess is that You'll grow exhausted at the Practice, just as |he's exhausted with the Practice, and learn the cause of any confusion associated with the Request in a stable way that You'll never gloss over.

An enormous amount of moral decision making that could be made at the level of Religious CORE in the Novum Ordum Seclorum on the Borlaug SI Scale is not completed on Campus for lack of Campus Courtship and Musical Moral Marathon Marriage. A large number of altruist problems require Campus Pairings, like Pre- and Post-Wedding Berth Adoptions and Living Kidney Donation Cohorts large enough (enuf.ss16) to settle the Living Kidney Donor Backlogs. 

Institutions have no way of receiving bedroom alerts of a despair or expecatational whiplash so severe that it's pressing an utterly Hharmless Person toward a Logical Hopelessness or Social Isolation Calculation on the Durkheim Apoptotic Frontier (Anomie, Fatalism, Altruistic, Egoist).  Our Understanding of Apoptosis, Seppuku, and Canary⁵ has changed since Durkheim, but one thing surely hasn't: Many of these events are the outcome of Institutional Cultures that do not handle the Central Claim or Permit and Secure Hharmless Altarnatives for those who are made to feel a moral upheaval, are ☾almunity⁵ Isolated, and grow So Uncertain about Their Value and Place in the Mir that they see themselves as a Social Burden rather than the 78⁺, 75⁺ Y⁵ear Sage Asset that they are. 

When 8 out of 10 students on Campus are part of Campus Courtship each Year, the notion of "Religious Branch Opt-out" Genetic Test Screening becomes Religious CORE Obvious, for a restricted set of maladies that can be easily avoided | fully informed in advance, like Sickle Cell Anemia or Tay-Sachs. Contraception education⁺ becomes far easier and, frankly,  more ☾almuniti²² Accountable, in the positive direction, with deeper empathy for all the unsatisfactory settlements that occur silently, and are suffered silently, without doubly conservative choices and soon, the upcoming Vgel treatment. Branch Religious Rites become far easier with "Campus Sorting Hats" supporting Better Programmatic, Algorithmic Logic on Constrained Choice "Optimal Stop", "Optimal Die" Paradigms. 

Further, SLGBTQ Rights (and Rites) are not on all Campuses Protected, and it leads to an enormous amount of interpersonal human development impairment to be stigmatically excluded from Life. The Clementi case never had to happen.. in all licensed models of Si/OWTcB, USPTO 14/874,435 Rainbow Patterns will protect Straights, Lesbians, Gays, Bisexuals, Transgender and Transsexual, as well as Queer and Questioning, in |red pill, |blue pill fashion.

This is but a small sample of the problems that can be settled with USPTO 14/874,435, aka Si/OWTcB. 

i'm praying, for my part, that i'll be able to experience Courtship and Marriage myself in the coming Year. This is not just an Hh Dedication, but also a Dedication to Æve, wherever s|he might be. i'm waiting on Word, and regretting that We, i couldn't build this series of Enabling Claims out to Manufacturing and Ethics Boards more rapidly together.

To be a part of this Movement, Institutions will need to Both Confess to and Undertake Responsibiliti²² and Accountability⁵ in a timely  manner for the vast Majority of the Safeti²² Problems that are rectifiably with Institutional Diligence. In my experience, Educational Institutions will do everything in their Power to Avoid Admitting that they were as much and more at fault than any single Indivieduality⁵, Individual, Innocenter, or Innocentest on Their Campus, by vice of constructing care less environments without de vices, devices on hand, to solve the problems that they "doth protest" weren't their Fault. As far as i'm concerned, every ape and rape claim since the emergence of inexpensive walkie talkies, given an extra Year of focused, budgeted, internal institutional development time, could have solved all the rapes and apes in each Institutional Mir, just thru frank conversations about proxemics and calmunication protocols, while settling a large number of related problems too, like Socratic Exchange Safeti²², by virtue of carrying Widespread Campus Sagewords, a Proposal that rather than being honored for, i was prosecuted for at The University of Pennsylvania Campus, to a deadly terminus. i now believe in Institutional Public Confession, whether or not it seems legally mandatory, whether or not the Office of Legal Counsel is comfortable with it, particularly by Institutions that have been forcing "Shadow Court Forced Confession" out of studens who haven't been guilty of anything but having been born human, and hence, fallible, in ways that can be ӛngineered ⇌ ængineered out of "Homo religioso evolutis", from Roots to CORE to Trunk to Branch, rather than persisting with Homo sap. saps Strategies of ☾almuniti²² Development. 

Let's start with any of these Problems, and solve them together. Sexual Assault can be "reduced" to a point that's more "manageable", but i'm not interested in "managing" sexual assault..  i want Us and All to eliminate it at its roots in ☾a²⁰sualti²²ed Cultures that are not so Long-Term Oriented so as to induce Total Concern for the Soul You're with, and thereby motivate tremendous upfront investment in Engauging Your First Engaugement Partner as what it truly is.. Your First Propectus on the Full Adoption of a Child (formally, an Adolescent). 17% of Graduating Fourth-Year X Students at MIT and, presumably, all other Schools with Similar Housing Environments, report that an assault of one kind or another occurred in their lives.  

Stop being Homo sap. saps. Join H.R.evolutis. Support the ☾a²⁰lmuniti²² Match. Stop Mutational Marriage and the Full Range of C⁶asualti²²es of Lekking Ground, "Alpha-Hunt" Casual Sex in its Tracks. Stop ℝαpe and tag αpe events discreetly, in innocenter ⇌ innocentest fashion. Prepare a world where no one dies because of Inadequate Institutional Responsibiliti²² over the Campus Match as a Title IX Guarantee of the Aims and Remains of Education⁺.

Lastly, i want to thank the Particle.io team, along with Adafruit, jenesaisdiq, annem, et. al., for the Authorships on much of this First Layer Library, reconstructed by Library Reboot | Example into a more rapid kinetic solution i'm here calling SSC_SlothResolver. With Your Blessing, and with mine, as gift.ed to me thru a thoroughly gift.ed, burdened, and burdening education⁻, i'd like to finish this work on ℝape, ape, Parental, Adolescent, and Institutional µ-Scale Moral irresponsibiliti²², and ☾almuniti unaccountability⁵ by wei (and by Wei) of the Kohlberg Commons, with special focus on the Modality of Marriage as the best wei to Rebuild and Attain Closure Over the Reconstruction of a Moral Faith in the Achievment of the Religious Principles of Institutions, whether part of the Religious CORE only or Branch-concentrated or CORE- and  Branch-synergised under Rockefeller Religious Practices, the sort that resolve into Musical Moral Marathon Marriages that Continue on from Century to Century, long after we pass from aesc to aesc.

i have 71 Years left to grow Century ☾alm, and no longer have 78 to share, and i still have not found my Dialectic Partner, aside from this elusive sense of Mir. Mir Gelber is my Midpoint Match, and if wishing wells will work, upon a Leap of Valiant Faith, my Most Preferred Century Choice. What does the Sorting Hat say? Shall i live life in ☾alm crystallised with Caroline? Or will this Day go Down in Infamy, as another moment where an out-of-touch officious official intones that Ædam "should have known better" than to have taken a Leap of Faith? Or is an advance defense preternaturally defensive, and hence unbelievably, repugnantly weird, when no other scaffolding exists to preserve me from an Authentic, Sincere, and Genuine Blind Man's Bluff? Is there a legal code somewhere that specifies that X days of non-responsiveness  means that i "should have known better"? Or is there a legal code somewhere that says, "it's best not to form Community Attacks Against a True and Sincere Courtship Proposal, left hanging, when a simple conversation and ¡Divert Me! form could have achieved far better."

Only Mir Gelber, in Direct ☾almuniti²² Conversation with me, can say.  Would You divert me, Caroline, or would You Court me, and be my Marriage Muse? And if You would Court me, would You one day, if Vmonth points toward us ensemble, be the primary companion that i'm missing on this Most Important and Fundamental Project, the (|he, she), who guards my solitude? 

All best,

Ædam Đavid Clay⁵man, a Lifelong, avid Student of Names
A Dedicatory⁵ Letter to A Life of Religious Labor, Liberty⁵ and Love with: Gelber, C., 12-13 - ¿?